Hello,

The IP address in question is a Tor exit node. See
https://www.torproject.org/overview.html

As you can see from the overview page, the Tor network is designed to
make tracing of users impossible. The Tor network is run by some 2500
volunteers who use the free software provided by the Tor Project to
run Tor routers.  Client connections are routed through multiple
relays, and are multiplexed together on the connections between
relays. The system does not record logs of client connections or
previous hops.

This is because the Tor network is a censorship resistance, privacy,
and anonymity system used by whistle blowers, journalists, Chinese
dissidents skirting the Great Firewall, abuse victims, stalker
targets, the US military, and law enforcement, just to name a few. See
https://www.torproject.org/about/torusers.html.en for more info.

Since the intended purpose of a Tor exit node is to allow people
to circumvent censorship systems such as the Great Firewall, arbitrary
TCP connections to most TCP ports are expected.  Suspicious TCP
sesions do not, by themselves, indicate that this server is compromised.

Unfortunately, some people misuse the network. However, compared to
the rate of legitimate use (the IP range in question processes
hundreds of megabits of traffic per second), abuse complaints are
rare.
https://www.torproject.org/docs/faq-abuse.html.en

We would prefer that you not block this IP, because blocking Tor IPs
means that users with a legitimate need for anonymity will not be able
to use your service.  However, you may wish to implement additional
checks such as CAPTCHA for Tor users.

The Tor project provides an automated DNSEL for you to query to flag
messages coming from Tor nodes as requiring special review.
https://www.torproject.org/tordnsel/

Thank you for your attention,
- the Noisebridge Tor administration team, admin@noisetor.net

